ROU-12619: Initialize AI Context Documentation - Koda (#492)
OutSystems/outsystems-datagrid-reactive: CLAUDE.md

## Important Context

**Security boundaries:** Input sanitization occurs at two distinct points:

1. When data enters grid from OutSystems - HTML escaping (`OSFramework.DataGrid.Helper.Sanitize`)
2. When data exits via clipboard/export - CSV injection prevention (`Providers.DataGrid.Wijmo.Features.CellDataSanitizer`)

The cell data sanitizer feature can be controlled at runtime via the public API:

- `OutSystems.GridAPI.Security.EnableCellDataSanitizer(gridID)` - Enable CSV injection protection
- `OutSystems.GridAPI.Security.DisableCellDataSanitizer(gridID)` - Disable CSV injection protection

See [ARCHITECTURE.md](./ARCHITECTURE.md) T5 (security through sanitization layers) for defense-in-depth rationale.

**Data transformation strategy:** Complex data preparation (OutSystems records → JSON with metadata) happens server-side via .NET extension before reaching browser. Client-side code focuses on presentation logic. See [ARCHITECTURE.md](./ARCHITECTURE.md) T4.

**Branch strategy:** Work on `dev` branch. Create feature branches named `ROU-12345` (JIRA ticket ID). Commits must include ticket ID: `ROU-12345: Add feature description`.

> **PR requirements:** Title format `ROU-12345: Description`, must have label (`feature`/`bug`/`chore`), 2 approvals required. See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for complete PR process and label requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**PR requirements:** Title format `ROU-12345: Description`, must have label (`feature`/`bug`/`chore`), 1 approval required. See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for complete PR process and label requirements.
```
